Only emit login event when session info is set (#961)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: CHANGELOG.md

The following sections document changes that have been released already:

### Bugfix

#### browser and node

> - The `login` even was emitted before setting the session info, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `login` event was emitted before setting the session info, which
```

Though maybe there's not a need to go in so much detail - just a "session information sometimes wasn't available when `onLogin` was triggered". But either way :)

Author: Good point, I copy-pasted the commit message, but it actually makes sense that the changelog entry only summarizes the issue from a user perspective, and not details the internals of the bug.

> - The `login` even was emitted before setting the session info, which
> could result in a race where the onLogin callback couldn't read session
> information, surch as the WebID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `login` event was emitted before setting the session info, which
could result in a race condition where the `onLogin` callback couldn't read
the session information, such as the WebID.
```
